gh-100720: refactor calculation of number of frame slots for a code object into the new function _PyFrame_NumSlotsForCodeObject (#100722)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2023-01-03-16-50-42.gh-issue-100720.UhE7P-.rst

> Added ``_PyCode_GetNumFrameSlots``, which returns the number of slots needed in a frame for a given code object.

Author: ```suggestion
Added ``_PyFrame_NumSlotsForCodeObject``, which returns the number of slots needed in a frame for a given code object.
```
